Make `maxLimit` configurable per tenant for the `/cardinality/label_names` and `/cardinality/label_values` endpoints. (#11456)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# CLI flag: -querier.label-values-max-cardinality-label-names-per-request
[label_values_max_cardinality_label_names_per_request: <int> | default = 100]

> # Maximum number of series that can be requested in a single cardinality API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Maximum number of series that you can request in a single cardinality API
```
